[Tracer] Update RabbitMQ sample (#3072)
DataDog/dd-trace-dotnet: tracer/samples/RabbitMQ.DistributedTracing/README.md

# RabbitMQ Instrumentation

> Currently, the .NET Tracer does have out-of-the-box automatic instrumentation for the RabbitMQ .NET SDK which means you should automatically get producer and consumer spans in your traces. That said, the consumer span is short lived. Indeed the `BasicGet` integration creates a scope but immediately disposes it. Indeed, depending how you consume the message locally, consumer children could be disconnected from the consumer span (this can happen for instance when you (or the library you use) consume the messages in a loop filling a local queue that your code would dequeue). That is why, we provide an API to manually extract the distributed context for you to pass to the child span.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The .NET Tracer has out-of-the-box automatic instrumentation for the RabbitMQ .NET SDK which means you will automatically get producer and consumer spans in your traces. However, the consumer span is short lived, as the `BasicGet` integration creates a scope and immediately disposes it. 

Depending how you consume the message locally, spans generated by your consumers will be disconnected from the producer and consumer spans. To ensure they stay connected, we provide an API to manually extract the distributed context from a message which you can use to create the child span.
```
